feat: acceptance tests (#848)
MobilityData/gtfs-validator: output-comparator/README.md

# output-validator

> A tool to compare validation reports produced by the [gtfs-validator](htttps://www.github.com/MobilityData/gtfs-validator).

Reviewer: Typo in URL "ttt"

### Run it
To validate a GTFS dataset on your computer:

`java -jar output-validator-v3.0.0.jar --report_directory /path/to/validation/reports --new_error_threshold 1 --percent_invalid_datasets_threshold 40 --reference_report_name report.json --latest_report_name latest.json --output_base` 

where:
* *(Required)* `--report_directory` or `-d`: path to the validation reports     
* *(Required)* `--new_error_threshold` or `-n`: the number of new errors after which a dataset is considered invalid   
* *(Required)* `--percent_invalid_datasets_threshold` or `-p`: threshold for the percentage of newly invalid datasets out of total datasets in the mobility archives. If the observed percentage is greater than or equal to this threshold, the acceptance test will fail.
* *(Required)* `--output_base` or `-o`:  the path where the validation report will be stored (e.g., `output`)   
* *(Optional)* `--reference_report_name` or `-r`: the name of the validation report generated by the source of truth   
* *(Optional)* `--latest_report_name` or `-l`: the name of the validation report generated by the snapshot version of the gtfs-validator   

> More detailed instructions are on our [acceptance test](../docs/ACCEPTANCE_TESTS.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information for how this tool is used with GitHub Actions to test validator code changes on real-world datasets is in our [acceptance test documentation](../docs/ACCEPTANCE_TESTS.md).
```

# output-validator

A tool to compare validation reports produced by the [gtfs-validator](https://www.github.com/MobilityData/gtfs-validator).

# Introduction
This is a command-line tool written in Java that performs the following steps:
1. loads validation reports from disk;

> 1. compares pairs of validation reports produced by two versions f the validator;  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. compares pairs of validation reports produced by two versions of the validator;  
```
